You're supposed to be celebrating a man's birthday, right?
What's the room number again?
That was the birthday of one of my best friends' brothers.
I went to celebrate his birthday
Well, I can't remember the number of rooms.
Celebrate a man's birthday
It belongs to me, but I will be jealous.
Oh, how could I?
Will you celebrate a boy's birthday alone?
I have many friends.
Really?
Well, then you can go back and rest early.
Auntie will take you to the hospital for examination tomorrow
Tomorrow is so sudden
Ah, my mom just took me to check it out last week
The month is still small, so you don't need to go often.
Please help me tell my aunt.
Okay, then I'll trouble my aunt tomorrow.
What should I do?
The child's more wrong
If the Lus find out, we'll both be finished
Don't worry, you can go in peace.
Sister Shen, I will arrange it.
Miss
Brother-in-law, you have something to accompany me to pick it up today.
Then please.